---
tags:
  - on/calendar/anually
  - on/self
---
# 40 questions
1. What did you do this year that you’d never done before?
	- Quit my job.
	- Traveled from/to America alone, twice.
	- Traveled to Phu Quoc.
	- Traveled to Ha Noi.
	- Traveled to Vung Tau with my friends from secondary school.
	- Being unemployed for more than 3 months.
	- Borrowed money from friends to live.
	- Be socialized on social groups and Reddit.
	- Answered these questions.
	- Went to Dali Museum in Florida.
	- Went for a ride at 5 in the morning, watching the most beautiful sunset in Sai Gon.
3. Did you keep your new year’s resolutions?
	 - I didn't have one, going to make it this year.
4. Did anyone close to you give birth?
	- Khanh Duy: not so close to me, but to my map.
5. Did anyone close to you die?
	- Bich Ngoc's beloved Coca.
6. What cities/states/countries did you visit?
	- Cities: Phu Quoc, Ha Noi, Ninh Binh, Hai Duong, Nha Trang, Da Lat.
	- States: Florida.
7. What would you like to have next year that you lacked this year?
	- Money.
	- A decent job/work that I love.
	- More time with my family.
8. What date(s) from this year will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
	- I think it's today, 29/12/2023. Since I'm answering these questions, I haven't done this before.
9. What was your biggest achievement of the year?
	- Realize what is important and what's not.
10. What was your biggest failure?
	- Bad planning on my finance, which make my money run out.
11. What other hardships did you face?
	- Living without having a monthly income.
12. Did you suffer illness or injury?
	- Thanks, God, I didn't.
13. What was the best thing you bought?
	- A ticket to Vietnam. That changed everything in me.
14. Whose behavior merited celebration?
	- My dad for his hard working on fixing my family new home in America.
	- My mom for her hard working on keeping up with her heavy job at the hospital.
	- Khanh for her noticeable progress on English communication with others.
	- Map for her continuously support for me and lecturing me all the time :).
15. Whose behavior made you appalled?
	- My uncle, when he broke my belief on him that's there are still good in him.
16. Where did most of your money go?
	- Tickets to U.S.
	- Essentials stuff (food, drink, entertainment).
17. What did you get really, really, really excited about?
	- Went to the Dali Museum.
	- Traveled to Hanoi.
18. What song will always remind you of this year?
	- From the start by Laufey.
19. Compared to this time last year, are you: happier or sadder? Thinner or fatter? Richer or poorer?
	- I'm happier.
	- I'm thinner.
	- I'm poorer. Wow!
20. What do you wish you’d done more of?
	- Being out there. Throw myself into the wild.
	- Talking to people.
	- Planning.
21. What do you wish you’d done less of?
	- Locked myself in my room, learning and coding.
	- (Over) thinking. 
22. How are you spending the holidays?
	- With my family in the US.
23. Did you fall in love this year?
	- I'm already deep in love.
24. Do you hate anyone now that you didn’t hate this time last year?
	- My uncle. I don't hate him, to be honest. I just don't like him.
25. What was your favorite show?
	- Jujutsu Kaisen.
26. What was the best book you read?
	- Oh man, I don't think I read any this year. Shame on me.
27. What was your greatest musical discovery of the year?
	- I must say it's Phoebe Bridgers.
28. What was your favorite film?
	- Past lives by Celine Song.
29. What was your favorite meal?
	- Thịt kho của mẹ.
30. What did you want and get?
	- To feel Hanoi.
31. What did you want and not get?
	- A job at that 2 companies.
32. What did you do on your birthday?
	- Oh, me and Map traveled to Phu Quoc. Ate the best pizza that I have ever tried. Climbed a "mountain".
33. What one thing would have made your year immeasurably more satisfying?
	- I don't know. It's already immeasurably satisfying.
34. How would you describe your personal fashion this year?
	- Realizing my shorts are suck.
35. What kept you sane?
	- The target I'm aiming for. The gratefulness I give to my family, my love and my life.
36. Which celebrity/public figure did you admire the most?
	- Andrej Karpathy.
37. What political issue stirred you the most?
	- The Van Thinh Phat scandal.
38. Who did you miss?
	- My dad, my mom, Khanh, bé Na.
	- Mai Ny.
39. Who was the best new person you met?
	- Hà and Quỳnh Anh.
40. What valuable life lesson did you learn this year?
	- Be grateful and enjoy the moment, Quang.
41. What is a quote that sums up your year?
	- *“Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory.”*